kid
[Music]
welcome back to another university vlog
today is my first day back at University
and I have excited um I didn't have
lectures today it's currently freshers
week I'm gonna stay in my room work
until like 11:30 and then head over to
campus I'm gonna start with doing that
some editing and then I'm actually gonna
get some planning done for a scholarship
which I'm doing on Friday and I've only
done the preliminary plan so I do need
to get that done so as you can see I am
editing a video here and this was a
preparing for university vlog which I
will be uploading maybe during this
series of two week daily vlogs or maybe
I'll upload it afterwards let me know
which one you prefer and I also did a
tiny bit of work with a school visit I
told you about and then I went into the
kitchen because I was in charge of
bringing carrot sticks cucumber and
hummus to the picnic so I just peeled
and cut up the carrots and also cut up
the cucumber
[Music]
then I went to campus because I was
going to a Harry Potter picnic and I
didn't actually get any clips of this
unfortunately but afterwards I went to
UC with my friend Esme and I also
decided to pop into the white company
because I just loved the aesthetic of
the shop and I was looking through this
book smelling the candles even though I
didn't buy anything and then there was a
fire alarm okay I'm back now for the
evening so I'm back in my room my bed
looks hazy and basically this basket
here at the foot of my bed which just
makes it look so much more homey I think
it really ties it together this has got
loads of random bits in which I need to
just go through and I also want to put
my desk together because it's not
looking as neat and tidy and cozy as I
wanted to look so as I said I decided to
unpack and sort this basket out it's
where I'd put all of the miscellaneous
bits when I was packing so I had a
cushion here it says let's build a fort
and it's a bit of a random cushion if
I'm completely honest but I've been
looking at it for years and I thought it
would fit with the aesthetic I was going
for in this bedroom
[Music]
and also here I had a blanket from Ikea
which I got matching with my friend
Natasha so then I sorted out my desk and
this was so much fun to do setting up a
new desk space is just so exciting and I
love the way it turned out in the end
[Music]
then I had brought toilet rolls for the
flat so I just went and put that in the
bathroom
[Music]
and then I got to work putting up fairy
lights because fairy lights are such an
important part of university really they
just make it look so much cozier so I
had these copper ones but I was really
struggling to get the batteries out and
they weren't telling on so I definitely
needed to replace the batteries but
eventually I got them working and I hung
these up around my window
and as you can see I also put them up
around this it's kind of is not a
pinboard it's like a whiteboard but
which is made of clear plastic and it's
above my desk and I put very lights up
around here as well
and then I wanted to put photos up but I
didn't know how I wanted to do it
because I did like the blank space as
well for putting up reminders and things
so I ended up making the semi border of
photographs up the side but only using
portrait photos I watched so many photos
with me I print them from free prints
it's a really affordable way to print
photos there is also la la lab which is
good for Polaroid style but it's
slightly more expensive so then I just
had some work which I needed to do this
was some pumpkin productivity related
things
[Music]
so I had some work to do but now I'm not
finished and I have sat out my desk area
which I'm so happy with even though it's
a smaller desk I prefer it he did ask
that I had at university last year and I
didn't think I could because I loved the
other desk so much it's not completely
done because I want to get some dried
flowers for this vars but it's mainly
there this here as well
it is my food box so these are kind of
snacky food so as you can see I was just
snacking on some kale crackers whilst I
was working yeah basically I just keep
tea and things in here I'm going to have
a shower and then get myself some karma
chameleon tea and for the leftovers
[Music]
there's my gosh my shower my Audrey and
there we go that is the end of my second
daily university vlog I hope that you
enjoyed and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]